# Current available libraries

## `lib/messages.sh`

> This library allows to print pre-formatted messages for error, information and warning. Included methods are:
>
> - printMessage [message] [spacing]
> - printErrorMessage [message] [spacing]
> - printInfoMessage [message] [spacing]
> - printWarningMessage [message] [spacing]
>
> [spacing] must be 'none', 'before', 'after' or 'both'.
>
> [message] may include escaped sequences.

## `lib/inihandler.sh`

> This library allows to manage .ini files for setting or getting variables. Included methods are:
>
> - getINIVar [path] [name]
> - getAllIniVars [path]
> - setINIVar [path] [name] [value]
> - dropINIVar [path] [name]
>
> [path] refers to the .ini file location. If is setting a variable and file doesn't exists, it will be created.
>
> [name] refers to the name of the variable is being getted or setted. When getting a non existent variable, result will be 'undefined'.
>
> [value] refers to the value that is going to be stored. If no value is given, it will set a variable to an empty value.

## `lib/flagger.sh`

> This library allows to manage parameters lists. Included methods are:
>
> - getFlagValue [flag] [params...]
> - hasFlag [flag] [params...]
> - pruneFlagValue [flag] [params...]
> - pruneFlag [flag] [params...]
>
> [flag] refers to the flag name to be search in parameters list.
>
> [params...] stands for parameters list. Parameters are a space separated strings list (like the one generated by $\* variable).

## `lib/wrapper.sh`

> This library extends `lib/messages.sh` and `lib/flagger.sh` to allow users to wrap command executions with formatted messages. Included methods are:
>
> - transformBeforeSpacing [spacing]
> - transformAfterSpacing [spacing]
> - printColoredMessage [message] [?options]
> - getRebuildedOptions [params...]
> - getOptionsPrunedParams [param...]
>
> [spacing] refers to message spacing. Is based on `lib/messages.sh` so values must be the same.
>
> [params...] stands for parameters list. Parameters are a space separated strings list (like the one generated by $\* variable).
>
> [?options] refers to flags that can be attached to the command in order to alter its behaviour.
>
> > `--spacing [spacing]` : Same as refered for `lib/messages.sh`. If nothing sent 'both' will be used as default.
> >
> > `--no-color` : Points to not using colors on messages.
> >
> > `--type [type]` : Type of message to be shown. It must be 'info', 'warning' or 'error'. If not sent 'info' will be used as default.
> >
> > `--wrap-position [position]` : If message is for wrapping, point if message [spacing] has to be transformed for a 'begin' or 'end' message. If nothing sent, message [spacing] won't be transformed.
